New instance must have different name (#5198)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/upgrades/1to2.md

1. Configure the existing version 1 instance of ServiceControl to ingest audit and error messages from a queue named `!disable`
  * This will ensure that the version 1 instance of ServiceControl no longer ingests new messages

> 2. Add a new version 2 instance of ServiceControl, which has a new name, and configure it to ingest messages from the error and audit queues that the version 1 instance was previously configured to ingest messages from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a new version 2 instance of ServiceControl, which has a new unique name, and configure it to ingest messages from the error and audit queues that the version 1 instance was previously configured to ingest messages from.
```

> 2. Add a new version 2 instance of ServiceControl, which has a new unique name, and configure it to ingest messages from the error and audit queues that the version 1 instance was previously configured to ingest messages from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add a new version 2 instance of ServiceControl, with a name different to the version 1 instance name, and configure it to ingest messages from the error and audit queues that the version 1 instance was previously configured to ingest messages from.
```
